kgo: add status field monitoring section (#7124)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway-operator/production/monitoring/status/overview.md

---
title: Overview
---

Not unlike other Kubernetes objects, those managed by {{ site.kgo_product_name }} also provide the `status` field.
This field provides invaluable information about the current state of the object.

> Typically, to obtains object's status you can use the `kubectl get` command like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, to obtain an object's status you can use the `kubectl get` command like so:
```

```bash
kubectl get <TYPE> <NAME> -o jsonpath-as-json='{.status}'
```

> The above mentioned command will yield a json object which depend on the actual schema of the status field and the state of the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command will yield a json object which depends on the actual schema of the status field and the state of the object.
```
